feat(api): allow users to provide a `requests` Session (#34)
novuhq/novu-python: docs/guides/cookbook.rst

.. code-block:: python

    EventApi(...,...,request_timeout=60).trigger_bulk(...)

How to take control over the session of ``requests``?
-----------------------------------------------------

Sometime, you may want to setup advanced usage involving the use of a ``requests`` :class:`~requests.Session`.

By default, a session is declared for every request you make to the API, but you can also
provide your own session and reuse it over and over again.

To illustrate this use case, let's take the example of setting up an automatic retry mechanism on
requests when the API responds with a 502, 503 or 504 HTTP codes.

> To do this, before initializing the Event API, we'll first instantiate a :class:`~requests.Session` from the
> :module:`requests` module, then we'ill inject it into the keywords arguments of our API constructor. We finally
> call the method we want to use and retry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, before initializing the Event API, we will first instantiate a :class:`~requests.Session` from the
:module:`requests` module, then we will inject it into the keywords arguments of our API constructor. We finally
call the method we want to use and retry.
```
